'1---------------------
Data "The Old Gold Mine"
Data "I've heard about very old gold mine from a wanderer. He said that kobolds guard big treasures there."
Data "I'm looking for the old gold mine."
data "I'm sorry, I don't know its position."
data "I suppose there was an old mine @."
data "Ask in the # town."
data "I will indicate it to you on the map."
data "We have reached the old mine."
data "Go away and leave us and our treasures."
'2--------------------
data "The Tomb of the great warrior $."
data "A long time ago a great warrior called $ was killed in the battle of *. His wonderful % is burried together with him."
data "I'm looking for the grave of $."
data "I can't help you."
data "The old warriors say that he fell somewhere @."
data "Lord, prey his soul. They should know sometihng in #."
data "His grave is not far from here."
data "We have found $'s grave."
data "   betide him who disturbs his sleep."
'3------------------
data "Bandit's camp."
data "My lord. Three days ago a horde of plunderers attacked us. We will be very greatful for catching them."
data "I'm looking for bandits."
data "I don't know where they are now."
data "I hear they did great mess somewhere @."
data "They where seen near #. You be careful. They are not little rogues from a forest. This is a choice crew."
data "I will show you their camp. But don't tell anybody that I betrayed them."
data "We have surrounded the rascal band."
data "He ! There were stronger fellows than you whom I torn to rags with my blade."
'4-----------------
data "Here stays the king's daughter."
data "We've heard that a few days ago a squad of choice warriors kidnapped a daughter of the king $. The king promised a town & for freeing her. Time presses !"
data "I'm looking for the king's daughter."
data "I can't help you."
data "She was seen on @."
data "I hear that people in the # town saw the band which kidnapped her."
data "I know where she is now."
data "We've found the king's daughter."
data "I'm the king's daughter. Thank you Brave Warrior, Your name will never be forgotten. Let me come back to my father."
'5-----------------
data "Mountain $ "
data "As the legend says on the top of the mountain $, the most powerful of all swords, Szczerbiec was hidden."
data "I'm looking for the mountain $."
data "I don't know where it may be."
data "The mountain you're asking about is somewhere @."
data "The miners from # have to know something about it."
data "I will show it to you on the map."
data "We start searching of the Sword."
data ""
'6----------------
data "Imprisoned Sorcerer."
data "Not a long time ago a great magic master, old $ was kidnapped from our village. If you free him from kidnappers' hands he will join your squad."
data "I'm looking for the Sorcerer $."
data "I don't know where he is."
data "Ask on @."
data "$ is one of the most powerful sorcerers of the known world. I hear he was seen in the #."
data "Poor old man. He must have lost his mind. He lives in the pack of wolves not far from here."
data "We've found the sorcerer $."
data "I am $, the last one of the powerful sorcerers. The king of chaos sent on me his servants changed into wolves."
'7---------------
data "The cave of $."
data "400 year ago in the wholy battle against powers of chaos many brave warriors lost their lives. One of those who survived was paladin $. The legend says that he is alive until today."
data "I'm looking for $."
data "I've heard about him. The old books say that demons imprisoned him in the underground cave somewhere @."
data "The people who remember the oldest legends live in #."
data "I don't know if I can trust you, but I will show you the entrance to the cave. But be careful. Nobody alive come back from there."
data "We are entering the $'s cave."
data "I am $, a remaining one from the great battle. Imprisoned for ages I'm looking for the revenge on the Chaos."
'8------------
data "The old Tomb."
data "All the Sorcerers claim that scrolls with sorceries are rewritten from one generation to another. But there exists the ancient source of these sorceries: The First Book."
data "What do you know about the First Book ?"
data "It's only an old legend."
data "I have read in the old notes that it was burnt many centuries ago together with the whole library and the town * wich must have been somewhere on @."
data "The settlement # was built on the ruins of much more older, burnt town. As they say only few pages were saved from the whole collection."
data "There is an old tomb not far from here. A haunted witch was raving that the Book was there. I think that there is only a herd of stinky humanoids."
data "We've reached the old tomb."
data "Only one page survived from the whole library."
'9--------------
data "Ork's temple"
data "I hear that some of the tribes of orks have stood on the dark side. They have a hidden temple where they bring robbed treasures."
data "Where is the Ork's temple ?"
data "I'm sorry, I don't know."
data "Ask on @. The ork's troops were seen there. Be careful, they are no mean ruffians."
data "I've heard about it. They say that orks bring there robbed treasures from the whole kingdom. Frightened inhabitants from # told me about it."
data "Don't go there. It's a cursed place. Orks kill anyone who approaches the temple. They sacrifice them to the powers of darkness."
data "We are entering the temple. It's the high time to stop their madness."
data "You will join me to hell !"
'10----------
data "Barbarian $."
data "A great warrior $ lived in our village. He wield the sword as nobody else. When he went to the war more than a year ago there was no news of him."
data "I'm looking for $."
data "Search until you find."
data "He was a brave barbarian. I don't believe anybody could beat him in an honest fight. I remember that he went to # from our village."
data "A tradesman from # told me that the powers of darkness imprisoned him on the spell-bound swaps wich make people mad."
data "I hear he wanders about the swamps. I will show you on the map where they are."
data "We are entering the swamps."
data "There is no way out from this damned swaps !"
'11----------
data "$'s band."
data "A grim group appeared in the area. A psychodelic ³ called $ is their leader. There is a reward for his head."
data "I'm looking for $'s band."
data "I would like to help you, but I don't know where it is."
data "I hear he has trained gargoils at his service and great warriors. He fights very well although he lost his mind. He broke a chaser-squad on @."
data "Let his name be cursed for ever. He killed many inhabitants from #."
data "Chaos warps his servants' minds and $ is one of them. Avenge our wrongs."
data "We've found $'s band."
data ""
'12-----------
data "Knowledge Cave."
data "I've heard a legend about magic cave. The one who enters it will obtain great wisdom. Its position has allways been a great secret."
data "What do you know about the Magic Cave ?"
data "I know that it exists but nothing more."
data "Our young warriors used to go there befor the great war to get knowledge and experience in fight. I remeber that they always went to #."
data "The wise man from # used to say that the cave is the oldest place in the known world."
data "I heard about your heroic deeds and I belive that you use the knowledge from the cave in the right case."
data "We've reached the Knowledge Cave."
data "From now your experience is your greatest power. Use it against evil."
'13-----------
data "The fortress of the ruler of Chaos is hidden here."
data "Chaos grows in power. More and more skeletors crawl out from the ground every day. They attack all the living creatures and spread incurable diseases."
data "How to defeat Chaos Knights ?"
data "You cannot kill them because they are already dead. Two new legions will come in the place of defeated one."
data "There is no sense fighting them. The source of the ill power has to be destroyed. Maybe they will know something on @."
data "They can be destroyed. Four centuries ago, after a great battle their ruler was defeated. In # town lives an old wise man who rembers those times."
data "Their ruler lives in a big fortress hidden among fogs. Great power is at his disposal. Only the most brave warriors armed in the wholy weapon will defeat him."
data "We are standing at the gates of the fortress. Let the destination come true."
  

